Well, I just think Ronaldo is a more
complete goal scorer.
>> Messi would have 10
Ronaldo for me IS THE ENVIRONMENT.
TODAY, WE'RE ANSWERING THE biggest
question in football. As I've got one
Cristiano Ronaldo fan who's going up
against 20 Lionel Messi fans. I've got
four fans who think Cristiano Ronaldo is
better than Lionel Messi. With each of
them bringing their own debate to the
table as to why CR7 is better. Fans will
have to be the first to the chair in
order to debate. Each of our 20 Messi
fans all have a yellow card. And if they
disagree with what someone is saying,
they can raise it. And if 10 yellow
cards are raised, I'll send them off.
They'll then be replaced by another fan
until our debates are finished. Each
debate is 10 minutes, but once they're
done, they're done. Ronaldo is [snorts]
the greatest player to ever grace the
game of football. Ronaldo is the
greatest player to ever grace the game
of football. 3 2 1 go.
Welcome, Michael McCubbin. Um Uh that
Yeah, where do you want to start?
I mean, where do you I feel I feel like
you Yeah, I feel like the the burden's
on you to prove No, no, no, no, no.
Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Really?
Okay.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay. This is going to be fun. This is
going to be fun. Okay, so uh I mean,
numbers-wise,
Messi is the best.
I don't know about trophies.
>> disagree with that? But
I have Trying to think about trophy
count. I'm not sure actually either of
them have the most trophies ever.
Messi just as a footballer, in terms of
his all-round game, in terms of what he
could do on the pitch, I think there's
there's no one who even comes close to
him. I think Ronaldo is closer to
second. I mean, it's even arguable
whether Ronaldo is the second best
player of all time.
Um we can get onto that. Uh yeah, I
mean, I don't I don't really know where
to start. I feel for me, Messi's is just
like not even debatable and probably
hasn't been debatable since maybe
2014, 2015 as to him being the greatest
of all time.
Uh like Lamine Yamal, I think could get
to his level. Um probably has some past
his level at his age at least. But
otherwise, yeah, I don't I just don't
see where the debate is.
Most goals ever scored, most
international goals, most goals in the
Champions League, most goals in the
semifinals, most goals in the finals.
Won leagues in three different
countries, major leagues being the best
player every single time. Messi's only
won it in one pretty much most most of
his career in one team, playing in one
style of football, one environment, from
literally from the age of 11 all the way
up to first team. Whereas Ronaldo,
different systems, different leagues,
different players.
Messi's pretty much played in the same
style of football. We talk about
philosophies, pretty much the same
philosophy, same even the same group of
players up until the age
till he pretty much left Barcelona.
Whereas you got Ronaldo playing with
different players, different managers,
different styles. He's even changed his
game. He's a reinvented himself multiple
times.
You could say that Messi needed an
environment. There's an argument to say
that Messi had to play in a certain
environment to thrive, to get his
potential. Ronaldo for me is the
environment. Everywhere he goes. You
talk about Portugal. You can even bring
it to Portugal. Before
Ronaldo, Portugal were happy to be a
country in every major tournament that
they went to, if they even qualified. If
they qualified, by the way. I doubt they
were that. Well, you tell me what what
made them that. I mean, Ronaldo came
into the came at the very tail end of
the golden generation of Portugal,
right? I mean, I'm talking about in
terms of what they won. I mean, they won
they won Well, they won one they won one
trophy in at Euro 2016. Well, what did
they win before him? Well, they didn't
win anything, but they were a much, much
better team at Euro 2004 than in Euro
2016, where they won what, like one game
in normal time? But my my point is that
my point is that Portugal was never a
competitive nation before Ronaldo.
I mean, They they struggled to even
qualify for major tournaments before
Ronaldo. Size of Portugal as well is
absolutely tiny. Yeah, and Ronaldo's
come
>> I would I wouldn't say that Ronaldo was
the defining factor in Euro 2004. But I
would say that he's definitely a factor.
He's definitely the reason as to all the
successes that they've had. He's a big
part of that. They never had They never
qualified. They weren't qualified.
There's a difference, though. Not
qualifying for international
tournaments, struggling to qualify for
the international tournaments, to then
being a one of
argue a competitive nation with Ronaldo.
And the only success they've ever had in
their country is with Ronaldo being
captain.
I think you can talk about Messi And
he's [clears throat] the most
international goals, by the way.
Yeah, I mean, so aside from
international goals and playing for
playing in different countries, what has
Ronaldo got going for him that Messi
doesn't? Mikey, I'm sorry to end your
debate right there, but you're off. Well
done. Tobes is here.
Nice to meet you, man. And his Eidur
Gudjohnsen kit, lovely little number.
>> He's still Chelsea fan.
Uh go on, my friend. So, in terms of
those different environments that they
obviously played in, Yeah, yeah. I do
think Portugal were kind of pressureless
in terms of they hadn't won anything
before. Messi at like 14, 15, there were
lots of murmurs [clears throat] that he
was being compared to Maradona. That's
pretty big pressure to live up to. And
he ends up delivering that World Cup,
Copa América. He goes and delivers that.
Took him a bit of a while to get it
going. As for Ronaldo, like you said
there, their success came with him not
on the pitch.
Why is that? Cuz he was off after 10
minutes with flies on his face, I
remember. But
did he not score the goals Did he not
score the goals in the in the semifinal
to take them to the final? Yeah, he did.
He He scored key goals. He actually did.
But Éder Éder is the one that we
remember in Portuguese history,
technically, in that final.
>> Well, who carried them through the group
stages? Who carried them through? They
drew They drew a lot. They drew games,
but who was getting them through that
month? More other players. You still had
Pepe and Ricardo Carvalho. They still
had good players in that team.
>> have players around him? Did Di María
Did Di María not carry him in the final?
He didn't carry him in the Who's going
Okay, who's scoring in the Copa América
final? Di María Di María does deliver.
Who's scoring in the World Cup final?
Who's scoring in the final?
>> just that's just about goals. You're not
looking at the performance of the
overall player there. Like Messi still
Messi still had huge impact in those
tournaments. I'd say that 2022 World Cup
in our lifetime is the best individual
tournament. I think it's fair to say.
Obviously, maybe Maradona eclipses it.
But in terms of Ronaldo turning up, he
was just trying to steal goals in that
tournament. Okay. Like he's kind of I
think he's been holding Portugal back to
a degree in those years. At Ronaldo's
obviously incredible. Like I said, in
those finals, he turns up. I think there
was one final between those two players
in the Champions League and Messi scored
and they won. So, I do I do think he had
that knack for turning up in those
finals as well, still scoring a
multiple. With Ronaldo, he has the
Juventus final, sure. And the United
against Chelsea, he was brilliant as
well. A lot of the other ones, Gareth
Bale would be the Di María. Or even Di
María himself in 2014 was actually
carrying the Di María Maybe Di María was
carrying
But 2014, you know what I mean? He's
taking his top off to make it 4-1. It's
not It's It's a bit of a different
thing.
>> what you're saying I I think you're
nitpicking certain things. But if you
want to start with the World Cup itself,
okay, cuz I feel like you're trying to
undermine Portugal Portugal's success
for Ronaldo. If you want to talk about
the World Cup itself, you could say
Messi had five penalties he scored.
Controversial. Some of them A few of
them controversial, you could argue,
right? In the final itself, who do we
talk about? Kylian Mbappé.
We don't Every time we think about that
final, whose name gets mentioned? Messi
It's not Mbappé. Mbappé has his own
debate. Yes, because of course, Messi
lifted the title.
It was Mbappé Messi, but I'm saying the
fact that we a lot of people still
tie that final to Kylian Mbappé's
performance. Absolutely.
>> I'm not saying taking anything away from
Messi. Of course, he's At the end of the
day, he's the one that had the big score
and lifted the title. Oh, for sure. But
we talk about Mbappé's performance that
day. We even then talk about Di María's
performance, especially in that first
half. And then I think Messi was still
on that pitch. He was still He was still
delivering. Messi will always be I think
it's a rewrite to say it was penalties
throughout that tournament. that pass he
put through the legs of I think it was
Aké. Yeah, that's where it's like I
couldn't They couldn't even get near it
as well. Yeah, yeah, Gvardiol was
putting on on ice skates. By the way, I
was there, you know. I was actually in
the stadium. I watched it with my eyes.
So, I saw I know I know who was
performing well. For you to sit here and
say that is absolutely crazy, cuz that
is We've obviously witnessed the
greatest. We know that in terms of
goals, like you said, I know Ronaldo's
top number of goals scored. If Pelé's
around, maybe he'll find some more down
the back of the sofa. But [laughter] in
terms of like in terms of per per game,
Messi's higher. Like when it came to
Messi being an out-and-out goal scorer,
he scored 91 in a calendar year when he
was playing a central role in terms of
adaptability. No, the adaptability. I
hate the 91 argument, because that is
You know what it is? I call the Messi
fans are politicians. That's the biggest
propaganda I've ever heard. 91 goals in
a calendar year, yeah. First of all,
you're adding goals from two different
seasons. Right? You're adding goals from
two different seasons. You're adding
international friendlies. And if we talk
about the year 2012,
>> But you spoke about Maradona. Messi
Messi only won Copa del Rey in 2012.
Ronaldo in that same year had a
record-break record-breaking campaign
with Real Madrid.
>> I'm He's the second best player I'd He
scored the probably the most important
goal of that season at the Nou Camp.
That's where the calma celebration was
created. I'd I'd argue Ramírez
Yeah, hold on, hold on, hold on. But to
then not give him to to then But this is
the thing. It's all Who missed the Who
missed the penalty in the Champions
League semifinal that year? Both of
them. They both actually missed it. But
then, if you want to talk about
Champions League, you know who the
greatest player of Champions League
history is. But I'm going to come back
to that. I want to talk about the World
Cup itself. For me, yes, it's a great
achievement and the only achievement
Ronaldo has missing from his CV.
Absolutely. I'm not going to dispute
that. But there's always been great
players before Messi that's won it. And
there's always going to be great players
winning after him. So, that's never
going to change, right? You've had R9s,
Zidanes, Pelés, Maradonas. You might
have Lamine Yamal this year win it. So,
there's always going to be great
players, right? But that's not for me
the standalone metric to determine who
is the greater player. You have to look
at the overall
>> I know I know when you spoke about that
adaptability, like I said, that 91 came
with him playing central. We also saw
Messi play on the right. Yeah.
>> in terms of his That guy But I don't
like the calendar year, though. Because
if you talk about football starts in
August and ends in June, right?
>> Either Either way, he's won multiple
Champions League playing in different
positions, the same way Ronaldo has. And
it's something that's thrown at him. In
terms of that like performing in
different leagues sort of thing, I think
Messi's two or three goals off Ronaldo's
record versus the top six. Messi's never
even played in England. Yeah, but okay,
but Okay, but Like he delivers He's
delivered He can deliver against any
team. It doesn't Him being in that
league doesn't mean he's just
constrained by that. Like Ronaldo went
to those places, and that's great. I'd
say Juventus I mean, Luca will probably
talk attest for it later, but they're in
financial ruins because of the decision
of bringing him in. Like they they
managed to even in his last year, they
weren't winning the league. Juve went
from winning every single year for
pretty much a decade straight. Ronaldo
comes in, they go into financial ruin.
They haven't really won the league
since.
>> Yeah, but that's where we're talking
about the success now of the team,
right? So, with Juve, for example, I
could then throw in the argument of PSG.
He went to PSG. There, the whole aim was
to win Champions League. He fell out
that. He wasn't even the best player
there. At least with Ronaldo, when he
went to Juve, he was the best player in
that team. He scored over 100 goals for
them every year, every campaign he's the
best player. Everywhere Ronaldo goes, he
is the best player. Every time they win
a league title, he is the best player.
And
I'm saying even Champions League, when
it comes to Champions League, there is
not and that's a fact, there's no
greater player statistically in
performances. The guy broke the goal
scoring record in a season and then
broke it again himself on his own He has
an He has an incredible Champions League
record. No club has ever had that on a
free kick. No club has ever had that on
a free kick. In terms of those finals,
I'd say that Gareth Bale has determined
Real Madrid's Champions League success
more than Ronaldo in those finals.
The winner Yeah, the the winners in two
different ones. When it comes to Ronaldo
in those Real Madrid finals, like I
said, 20 Was it 2017? The Juventus one.
That one he's brilliant.
No, no, he's he's Of course he's
impactful, but when we say about like
the finals, etc. I'd I'd say that Di
Maria and Bale have as much influence
there. Whereas like Messi, you can
single-handedly look at 2011-15. Full
time. Lovely debate, guys. Well debated.
Right, a quick half-time break to give
everybody a breather and it's time to
talk about today's sponsor of the video,
ExpressVPN. And honestly, it's perfect
for debates like this because when you
are arguing Ronaldo versus Messi, lots
of things are brought up. Moments, best
goals, highlights, all of this googling
is done at the same time. And unlike the
Ronaldo versus Messi debate, there's no
arguing about which VPN is the best. And
that's where ExpressVPN comes in. It's a
VPN that encrypts your internet traffic
and reroutes 100% of your network
traffic through secure servers, which
lets you change your online location.
So, whether I'm researching old
Champions League nights, the best
defensive moments of all time, or
watching football content that's
geo-blocked in the UK, I actually can
access it properly. I use ExpressVPN all
the time to watch football content
online. I'm very lucky that I'm able to
travel a lot, but it means when I am
traveling, I need to be able to keep up
to date with the Premier League. And
ExpressVPN allows me to do just that. It
also helps me keep my data and privacy
secure, so it stops anybody from
snooping on what I'm doing. The best
part, it's insanely quick, super easy to
use, and works on all your devices. So,
if you want to protect your privacy and
access even more football content
online, then you can do that by scanning
the QR code right now on screen or going
into the description below and clicking
the link that is
expressvpn.com/zachzellem,
where [music] you'll also get an extra 4
months. Right, one Ronaldo fan versus 20
Messi fans. Let's get back to it.
>> I believe that Cristiano Ronaldo is the
most well-rounded goalscorer ever.
He believes Cristiano Ronaldo is the
worst well-rounded goalscorer ever. The
time has started. Anybody want to come
forward? Come on, Calvin. Come on. Come
on.
Hello. Hello, Luca. Before you say
anything, I just want to preface this by
saying I prefer Ronaldo. I do think
Messi is the better footballer, but I do
prefer Ronaldo. But I think in this
sense, he's superior to Messi. Um I'm
not dis- necessarily disagreeing in
terms of all rounded, but I feel like
with Messi, the goals that he scored can
never Well, we haven't seen like all
like literally ever. In terms of the
goal in terms of his solo goals, the
goals where it's zero backlift where he
does three players around him and I feel
like not necessarily like he doesn't
need to even use his right foot at
times. Even his
anticipation in the box like he's very
instinctive in the box. Um
I do agree with
with if you say Ronaldo's um more all
round, you could say our heading
is more acrobatic, but I feel like those
goals we've seen before like even I can
even say Zlatan or Suarez
um they're so unique in terms of how
they score goals. Um they're very
similar to Ronaldo, but I feel like with
Messi, some of the goals that he has
scored, we just haven't seen ever. Like
even the goal against Bilbao in the Copa
del Rey.
Scientifically even scientifically
impossible.
But I just feel like the goals that
Messi scored like it's one of one. Yeah,
I'm not saying Ronaldo has any goals
that specifically better than that exact
Yeah, but I think in just as a complete
package, as a complete attacker,
Ronaldo's got more aspects of the
goalscoring side of the game compared to
Messi. And I think it's also due to his
physical stature compared to Messi's.
Messi's a lot more diminutive. Messi's a
better dribbler, he's got a low center
of gravity, so he's able to do those
ridiculous movements like the goal
against Bilbao or the the goal he scored
in 2009, that Maradona-esque goal.
Whereas Cristiano is obviously a lot
taller, so he's naturally better in the
air. He's got a ridiculously leap on
him. He's more ambipedal than Messi.
He's got better For me, his better
Ronaldo's left foot is better than
Messi's right foot.
Just two-footed.
Ambidextrous, no?
Ambidextrous is feet.
Ronaldo's left foot for me is better
than Messi's right foot. He's a great
finisher inside the box, outside the
box. So is Messi. I'm not saying Messi
is not, but I just think Ronaldo is a
more complete goalscorer and he can
score all types of goals in different
ways. To make to make it more
comparative than in terms of their
physical profiles,
I'll put forward Zlatan. Okay. Some of
the goals, especially his acrobatic, I
feel like he's on par just if not just
as good as Ronaldo's finishing.
>> his catalog I don't think he's a better
finisher and a goalscorer than Ronaldo
is Zlatan. I think his catalog could
could be considered better. Another
thing with Ibra, where I thought people
might bring up Ibra. I have an issue
with him in the sense that I think he's
a phenomenal footballer, but everything
likewise Ronaldo has to run through him,
but Ronaldo is a much bigger game player
than Ibrahimovic. If you're taking that
into perspective in terms of big games,
the goals in big games, I understand
that, yeah.
No, cuz that factors into goalscoring as
well. Ronaldo's got
I think Well, compared to Messi for
example, he's scored more match-winning
goals, more match-equalizing goals as
well.
Uh he's just big Not Messi's not a not a
big game player, of course he's a huge
game player, but Ronaldo is also that.
But in my opinion, he's got a wider a
range of finishes if that makes sense.
>> Um yeah, that's not the case. Say happy
to walk, happy to walk. Go ahead.
Jacob, welcome.
>> [laughter]
>> That's how we do it here, man. We
gentlemen's game here, Calvin. It's a
gentlemen's game.
Jacob, welcome, mate. Uh so, I get your
point, you know, he's physically
superior and all that sense he can do
that. And you I'm assuming you're trying
to go with the idea that he's got a
wider variety of finish in the box and
stuff like that. He's scored more type
of goals. So, I think the difference
that we have there is Messi scored a lot
of the similar type of goals. You talk
about the impossible goal, he's scored
very, very similar ones all the times.
And the reason he can do that is cuz
he's so much more technically superior.
He can create his own angles. Now, for
me, in terms of a goalscorer, one of the
best tricks you can have is being able
to create separation and score from
angles and create angles that no other
player can. Ronaldo can't create the
same angles as Messi. Okay. Therefore,
Messi's potentially, I assume when
you're watching it, scores more similar
goals because he he he can find a way to
shift from that left foot, put it in the
bottom corner
against anyone in the world. Whereas
Ronaldo has to rely on, you know, maybe
beating them to a header or hitting the
ball early straight in from distance.
I think Messi has the ability, the best
and the most important ability for me,
which is creating separation
>> 100% he's the best in that regard. Yeah,
I mean there's no denying that. But I
think that's just one aspect of the
goalscoring. Ronaldo can still create
chances out of nothing. And he's also,
in my opinion, like the most ruthless in
front of goal. Like if you want a ball
to to fall in the box in a big game, you
want Cristiano Ronaldo on the end of it.
But I Like Like what I'm saying is when
you you talk you know, you talk about
that I I would argue I'd still rather
Messi in terms of his goal record. No,
I'm not saying I would take Ronaldo for
Messi in that situation.
>> that sense though, even in even in the
box, I would still prefer him. And I
think when What I mean by that is yes,
you might see Ronaldo in terms of
scoring different type of goals, which
that's what you get in that and it's
I I think that's more Messi can score
all the exact same goals as Ronaldo can.
If we've seen it before in the Champions
League final, scored that header. He can
do things that Ronaldo can also do, but
the reason that we maybe don't notice it
as much and maybe Ronaldo's seen it as a
small
play miss more a player who can maybe
beat more
Jesus Christ. A player who can A player
who can improvise more in the final
third and score different goals cuz he
just doesn't have the same ability as
Messi to create the same patterns. Like
again, Messi could literally put him
against Van Dijk
Let's say Messi at his best could drop
his shoulder, go in that bottom left
corner. He could do it at David Alaba's
his best. He could do it to anyone.
Whereas I don't think Ronaldo can, which
is why Ronaldo potentially comes across
as more inventive in his finishing or
having a wider skill set.
>> No, I get I get what you're saying. I
would say with Ronaldo, right? He's
shifted his game really from when he
went to United to Real Madrid. In like
2013, he had that knee injury and he
became more of a poacher. In his early
days at United, especially like that
2008 campaign, no he wasn't nowhere near
as creative as Lionel Messi or he
couldn't create a chance as well as
Messi. I agree with that. But it's also
I think quite disingenuous to disregard
his ability when he was young to be able
to create chances from nothing, to be
able to go on solo runs and I'm not I'm
not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm
not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not
saying he's not. I'm not saying he's
not. Obviously, Ronaldo is a great
player.
He could
He could still do that at the start in
his time at Madrid. And I think 11-12
Ronaldo is his best version. But I think
he sort of shifted that mentality to
just become an out and out goalscorer.
Therefore, we've seen two aspects of
Ronaldo, the poacher one and the
ridiculous transition footballer that
we've seen. So, What I'm saying is I
think what it's it's always talking
about like aesthetics really of a
player. Ronaldo comes across a poacher
even potentially even if he wasn't at
times because he was in the box so
often. He was scoring a lot of goals,
but the were there were a lot of
different types of goals, the headers,
the cutting in on his right foot, going
across goal, whatever. And I think And
what I'm saying is I think Messi could
do could do that as well. If Messi
wanted to be that poacher number nine,
he has everything to do that and he
surely can do that. And he surely can do
that.
But what I'm saying is what I'm saying
is I don't think that necessarily just
because that's his type of style doesn't
mean that Ronaldo is has a better
variety of finish or anything like that.
It's because Messi is so good that he
could
put himself in the same situation over
and over again and score the same goal
over and over again. Whereas Ronaldo had
to be adaptive. And I know again you
said that he changed he did change his
role and he could do the wing stuff and
all that, but that's obviously that's
chance creation. But I think Messi, if
he wanted to be that number nine who was
poacher and I know he never will because
it's Lionel Messi, you want him on the
ball. But if he would, Messi would be
just as good if not better than Ronaldo
in that regard still. And I think he's
still showing a wide variety of goals
whilst still scoring the same goal every
time with what he does.
No, you make some fair points. I don't
think that Messi in that poacher role
would be as effective as Cristiano
because Messi is such a unique player.
He drops in deep, he can create chances
from nothing like you were highlighting
earlier. So, I think he would be he
would be wasted to play up front.
>> in the box, if ball drops in the box,
not every time you want a striker to
lash it first time? Sometimes that
composure to bring it down, shift it
past someone and score. Like Cristiano
can do that as well. But no, I know both
of them are two of the best footballers
ever. Obviously. What I'm saying, I
think in terms of creating separation,
I'm not just talking about that
creativity on on the wing doing it and
then crossing. I'm saying in the box as
well. I'd want Ronaldo up front.
But I think Messi, what I'm saying,
Messi has a different level of ability
to get away from his man, then produce
the shot, than Ronaldo does. Which to me
translates to that top football. Now,
obviously it is hypothetical. Messi's
never going to be that number nine.
We're never going to be able to directly
watch all their goals and go well, yeah,
Ronaldo scored X amount more of
different types, scored six volleys or
whatever. But I think for me, if Ronaldo
was to be played in that if Messi was to
be played in that role,
there'd be no like you you'd be sat
there and going, yeah, Messi's still the
greatest finisher of all time as well.
I think I just don't I didn't say he's
the Ronaldo's the best finisher, I
think.
>> Right, that's what I meant. I'm sorry.
Yeah, most well-rounded. Cuz even when
it comes to the goal to game ratio,
Messi is superior. But I think context
is so important with that as well, and
you have to be so like you can I could
select the narrative and say, well,
their time spent in La Liga, do you
understand, is Ronaldo
Why'd you drop [laughter] that in?
Ronaldo had a better goals to game ratio
in La Liga when they both played in the
same period. But it's kind of pointless
that argument cuz you can just you can
you can bend it to your own will.
>> 100% yeah. Well, I'll leave it at that.
Fair enough. Happy days, happy days. Not
too much left. [laughter]
Anyone want to jump forward? Teaguey.
Jacob, that's your yellow card. No
worries. Just breaking my set at the
same time. Digby, go. Kieran, first time
on 1v20. First time. Great to be here,
Zach. Um my argument's quite simple,
Luca. I assume you'd accept that Lionel
Messi is a better dribbler than Ronaldo.
>> Yeah.
A better chance creator than Ronaldo,
for sure. And yet still managed to
outscore Ronaldo in numerous seasons
when they're in the same league together
playing for sides of similar standard.
How would Messi not be a more complete
all-round finisher as well as a better
player? Cuz I'm looking at the the types
of finishers, the types of goals that
Ronaldo can score compared to Messi.
That was my sort of initial comparison.
In terms of like the the amount of
goals, of course there are seasons where
Messi outscored Ronaldo and vice versa,
it worked both ways. In that stretch
where they were both in La Liga, I
believe that Messi played in a better
team overall throughout that throughout
those nine years. When Ronaldo came to
Real Madrid, they'd been a really sorry
side for a long period, and I think that
Ronaldo was a massive turning point
alongside Mourinho coming to the club
when they eventually dethroned Barca in
2011-12. And those first years,
Ronaldo's goal-scoring abilities were
ridiculous despite the team that he
played in. It was for me worse than the
United team that he left. And Messi,
yes, there were seasons where he scored
more, but I also think that the players
around him helped cater him more to
score those goals. It was a perfect
system for him. Whereas Ronaldo in those
early years at Madrid, I think he was
the main man. They were playing a
transition style of play, which was
solely relying on sort of Özil creating
when he came to the club, and Ronaldo
getting on the end of it. But Full time.
Lovely debate, guys. Well done. This
video is sponsored by HelloFresh. Now,
I'm filming this part from home because
to be quite honest, I've left it last
[music] minute. But it also suits
perfectly to what we're talking about
because this year in 2026, I'm trying to
sort out my midweek [music]
routine. I was getting into a bad habit
of eating late, snacking whilst [music]
I'm editing, and to be honest, just not
really spending any time properly
thinking about my meals and what I'm
putting into my body. And that's why
I've been using HelloFresh. Where if you
use my code ZachD50, you'll get 50% off
your first box, 20% off your next four
boxes, and free treats [music]
for 3 months. It turns up pre-portioned,
it's easy to cook, and [music] it
actually feels like a proper meal.
They've got more recipes than ever
before and allows my cooking to go up to
another level. And also brings in
healthy and realistic meals that are
actually going to want to make. I can
plan my weekly dinners once a month as
well by just going onto the app or
website and tailor these meals to my
actual needs, whether I'm going for more
protein or a couple for when I need
quick options. And there's complete
flexibility. I'm able to pause, cancel,
or change my delivery days whenever I
[music] need to. So, if you guys want to
get involved, you need to scan the QR
code on screen right now or head to the
website in the link of my description,
hellofresh.co.uk/zachd50,
[music]
or use my code ZachD50 at the checkout
to get that stuff. As I said, it's 50%
off the first box, 20% off your next
four boxes,
>> [music]
>> and free treats for 3 months. Right,
let's get back to the age-old debate,
Ronaldo or Messi? Messi and Ronaldo
should have the same amount of Ballon
d'Ors. Messi and Ronaldo should have the
same amount of Ballon d'Ors. We are
Okay, let's go. Messi and Ronaldo should
have the same amount of Ballon d'Ors.
Welcome. Welcome, welcome, welcome. I
should add context. Messi obviously has
three more Ballon d'Ors, they're eight
to five. I think they should both have
six each. I think Ronaldo in 2018 for
Modrić. I think 2021 was the biggest
robbery of Lewandowski ever. They had to
create a whole new award to give him
something because they just wanted to
give it to Messi.
And 2023, it should have been Erling
Haaland.
I'm not going to debate the Ballon d'Ors
in terms of
who was the best player that season. For
me, the Ballon d'Or is an irrelevant
stat anyway. I don't like the Ballon
d'Or. I just think it's a bunch of
journalists and players voting for their
favorite player.
>> If you're going off ability, Messi would
have 10 Ballon d'Ors cuz he's always
been the best player in the world. Like
I I don't see any attribute that
Ronaldo's better apart from maybe his
physical attributes like his headering.
He might be slightly quicker. Uh and
he's ball he's not not even his ball
striking, his shot power. That is
everything else Messi is better at. So,
I can't see a world where Ronaldo would
win a Ballon d'Or
if it was just went off the best player
in the world.
Do you mean that's your opinion, and
opinions are very like subjective. But I
look at it and I think when you look at
the Ballon d'Or, you have to take
everything into account. You have to
take
>> It's based on the season, obviously. the
whole season into account. And people
will say, well, you know, Messi's a
really good dribbler, and they like
really good dribblers, but you know,
Ronaldo is breaking Champions League
records. Ronaldo is winning what, four
Champions Leagues in a row? Ronaldo what
he did with Portugal was insane because
Portugal had no like real history in
like football. They never won anything
before Ronaldo. Like you have to look at
it as a whole, not just, okay, Messi's
better at this and better at this and
better at this. But okay, there's
certain seasons where Ronaldo got a load
more goals, where Ronaldo won a load
more trophies, and that is a part of the
Ballon d'Or. Was there not certain
seasons that Messi had more goals, but
Ronaldo won more trophies as well? So,
it kind of reverses that. Is that not
true? Yeah, but there's seasons where,
you know, Ronaldo's had more goals than
Messi, and Messi's still won it. So.
But it's a mixture of goals. It's a
mixture of goals, trophies, influence.
It's a mixture of everything. Like I
agree, like I don't really like the
Ballon d'Or. There's so much favoritism
in it. Like
>> Yeah. let's be honest, Messi spent most
of, you know, 2023 in MLS, but he wins
the Ballon d'Or over Haaland. That
breaks a record that literally won the
treble with Man City. And I hate Man
City, but that really should have been
Haaland, you know. Lewandowski off the
back of winning a treble breaks a
50-year Bundesliga record. There is
definitely Messi-Ronaldo biases in the
Ballon d'Or, and I agree on that. But if
we're looking at each Ballon d'Or
between like Messi and Ronaldo and the
people that were there, I think it
should be six each. Yeah, I can't go in
depth into them sort of statistics. I I
can't name you the goals and assists for
each of those seasons. I do I will admit
that Ronaldo has had a better year in
certain years, but like I said, if I'm
going off ability, I I mean, I'm happy
to stand up because Yeah, that's
absolutely fine. No, no, no worries. My
argument was that
ability based the Ballon d'Or shouldn't
be I think because it's just journalists
voting for people who they like. That's
what I'm saying.
I agree with you. Save that one for
another day. I'm going to write that
down. Well done there, Tom. Smash that
one. Um okay, anybody else want to come
up and to debate? Brad's welcome to the
table. Uh lovely shirt, I have to say.
Really, really nice shirt, yeah. Very,
very good. Um please, go ahead. Yeah, I
just want to get into those Ballon d'Ors
that you said. So, the Modrić one, I'll
give that to you. I think Ronaldo should
have won that as well. But then you you
said the Lewandowski one and the Haaland
one. Yeah. I'm a City fan. Even myself,
I think Haaland shouldn't have won it
because Messi is an individual award,
right? Yeah. Messi had better better
stats than him. Well,
no, he didn't. He had three times less
goals. No, he didn't. But it doesn't
matter. As a
He had more GA. So, shut up. I swear he
had more GA. Not just that though, but
man of the matches awards, he had he had
almost triple the amount of man of the
matches in that year. But you spent half
the year in the MLS. Yeah, but still
it's man of the matches individual
award, now. It's an individual award.
Like Messi's the not in European top
five league to win the Ballon d'Or at
the time. That just makes it even more
crazier though because it was from the
beginning of that thingy, and then he
moved into the MLS. No, but people were
voting for him off emotion. They weren't
voting for him because he was the best
player in that calendar year. They were
voting for him because he's complete at
football. It's the perfect fairy tale.
He's won a seven-game tournament in the
World Cup. Look, he was incredible in
the World Cup, don't get me wrong. But
what Erling Haaland did across 50-60
plus games is much better than, you
know, seven games. Like Messi was
incredible in the World Cup, but you
have to look at it as a whole. The World
Cup was 11 months before the Ballon
d'Or. Messi spent most of the following
year in the MLS. At PSG, he was good,
but Mbappé was PSG's best player. You
know, people when you look at the
journalists in
>> cuz Messi won them the the league. He he
won them the league after losing at the
first year. He won them the league with
a free kick in the last minute. He
literally won them the league. And also,
people always say that his stats were
bad, but that second year, he carried
that team. He was the main man for PSG.
>> but I still think Mbappé was better for
And that also carries on from the World
Cup as well cuz that was in in that year
as well. So, the World Cup does carry
on. It does count. But do you not think
Erling Haaland coming in first season
the Premier League, the toughest league
in the world, is is harder than League
1, and we all know that. Breaking a
record and winning the treble at
Manchester City's first ever Champions
League. Do you not think that that if
Messi had gone to Manchester City, broke
a record, and won the treble, but did
nothing in the World Cup, we all know
Messi still would have won the Ballon
d'Or because he's Lionel Messi. People
vote off a little bit of their
favoritism. You look at the journalists
that vote in the Ballon d'Or as well.
The aesthetic as well of Messi compared
to Haaland.
>> 100% I think Messi is more aesthetically
pleasing. I don't think we need to
debate that. But there is biases because
if you look at the journalists that vote
in the Ballon d'Or, a lot of them don't
watch the Premier League or La Liga.
They are watching their own leagues, and
then they'll watch the World Cup because
it's the most watched thing. They'll
watch the big games, the Champions
League finals. They don't actually watch
a lot football. Like, the people that
vote in the Ballon d'Or, we all know
some of them are a bit of a joke. So,
they'll read Messi's complete football,
he's won the World Cup. So, that's why
the World Cup, seven games, has more
influence than what Haaland did in 50
plus games, City winning the treble.
But, what I'm saying is the Ballon d'Or
is the best player in the world. And I
watched Haaland every single minute,
every single second that season. And
yes, he had an incredible season, won
everything. But, that's team trophies.
It wasn't him. He didn't even score in
one finals. And it hurts me to say that
as a City fan, but he didn't. He didn't
show up for us. Of course, he he showed
up in the big games leading to that.
But, Messi scored in more finals, had
more man of the matches, more GA. There
is not comparable. It wasn't comparable.
The World Cup's a big, big tournament,
isn't it? And when the narrative, I
guess, of the tournament of
you know, Argentina, him having not won
it for them, being compared to Maradona.
Do you think that also kind of goes,
basically, in his favor for that as
well?
>> yeah, like the whole it was emotion. I
think people voted for the Ballon d'Or
for emotion because it happened nearly a
year before the Ballon d'Or. It was last
season. He spent half the year in MLS.
People like he's complete football. What
he's done was amazing. It was based off
the whole emotion of Messi gets his
fairy fairy tale ending. Messi is wrote
about as like the golden boy. Whereas
Ronaldo was seen as more like
egotistical. And that does influence
voting, and that does influence people's
perception. And I just think if you
spend half the year in the MLS, I don't
think I can take you as serious for
winning a Ballon d'Or as someone that
broke the Premier League record, the
hardest league in the world, so much
harder than La Liga. And I mean, I I'm a
Man United fan. I wouldn't want to be
back in Haaland, to be honest here. I
think the treble is nuts. Like, I was
fuming. I was fuming when City won the
treble. And there's no doubt in my mind
that yeah, Haaland didn't do a lot in
the finals, but he did a lot to get
City, you know, throughout the whole
league season. Those goals were key. He
did a lot to get City to the final. You
can't just look at a few one-off games.
World finals were important. You have to
look at it as a whole. And if we're
looking across 50, 60 games, Haaland had
a better season.
Did Ronaldo win the Ballon d'Or after he
won the Euros?
Uh yes, he did.
>> Okay, just in case of the international
tournaments. Um I mean, so do you feel
Do you feel happy?
You can have back good debate. Not too
much longer left on the time, if anybody
wants to.
What do you think he was for? Um first
of all, I agree, echo the sentiment that
I don't particularly care for the Ballon
d'Or. And I also agree that it is a lot
of sentimentality and favoritism,
but also think that if you ask most
footballers what the biggest prize in
the world is, I'm not going to I don't
know the specifics. I'm going to talk
specifically about the Haaland one. I
think the vast majority would say it's
the World Cup. For a player to then go
Remember Argentina 4 years before they
won that World Cup, they almost didn't
qualify. Yeah. So, for that team to then
go go on a run that almost was the the
longest undefeated run. And then Messi
in his late 30s. I think the fact that
he played in MLS probably accentuates
the fact that he did so well with the
World Cup, dominated players like Vadiol
on the right, young player touted to be
the best left back in the world at that
age. He was phenomenal in the World Cup.
I don't even know that.
>> Yeah, but my my point is that we've seen
so many times that there is a precedent
for the for the Ballon d'Or being
decided on a seven-day tournament.
Should it be like that? I would say no,
but it is like that. Modric, that's how
it was with Modric. He didn't even win
it, and he still got it. And I think
that was ridiculous, Modric. Yeah, but
Yeah, but the fact is he did great at
the World Cup, he done great with
Madrid, and people saw his his his
World Cup and gave him Ballon d'Or.
That's just how it's always been. So, I
don't think it's the fact that oh, Messi
won it cuz his name is Messi. I think
that's just how these awards are judged.
You you prioritize what's the most
important.
>> If Messi had won the treble with Man
City and broke a record, but didn't play
in the World Cup, and Haaland Haaland
had a pretty decent season for club, but
won the World Cup, Messi still would
have won the Ballon d'Or. Because he's a
better player, he would have won the
Ballon d'Or. Yeah. But, like if you
completely swapped their seasons over,
and for some reason Messi was playing
like Haaland,
>> and moved like Haaland, he wouldn't have
No, I still think he would have won the
Ballon d'Or just because his name is
Messi. Messi wouldn't be Messi if he
moved like Haaland, right? Like, it
would be a completely different player,
and people wouldn't
resonate with him the same way cuz he
just wouldn't play that football. Messi
isn't Messi cuz his name is Messi. He's
Messi cuz he plays a certain football.
Yeah, but he's been like he plays a
certain football, so he's got that name.
No, because he's got that name cuz he's
such a good footballer.
>> Yeah, he's an unbelievable footballer.
But, his name's carried him the last
couple of Ballon d'Ors.
>> it's his game that's carried him. His
game is unbelievable, but his name
pulled him through in his last two
Ballon d'Ors because Lewandowski should
have won, Haaland should have won. How
How I don't think Haaland should have
won because of what Messi did that year,
and people appreciate what he did cuz
people can tell he's clearly a better
footballer than Haaland.
>> Emotions of seven games rather than a
full season. That is full time. Well
debated, everyone.
That was tough.
Guys, you could be in this percentage
right here who aren't subscribed to the
channel. It is the majority. So, if
you're not, please click that subscribe
button, scroll [music] down. Honestly,
it makes such a big effort and change
for me. It helps me out so much with
everything. And as I said, once we hit
100k, I'm getting the area breed on the
channel. So, subscribe. In 100 years,
people will remember Ronaldo more than
they will remember Messi.
Done.
We are starting. Go go go, Jacob.
Yes, Jacob. This better be good. All the
All the living I want to ask I want to
ask first of all.
Oh, yeah. Nice to meet you. What I want
to ask first [laughter] is
why would they?
So, my argument here is based on kind of
overall goat debates within other sports
as well. But, if we're just strictly
talking football, I do think
popularity-wise, Ronaldo is probably
more popular than the two. You could
probably go to,
you know, favelas in the
dungeons of South America, more people
know Ronaldo. You know where the people
that are important in football? The
actual people that are important in
terms of making decisions.
>> saying in general. Yeah, but you know
what? I think when we talk about
memories, we are going to see people
constantly reference, oh, it's like
we're seeing Messi again, type of thing
with Lamine Yamal, people like that,
which will always keep him relevant. I
think with Ronaldo, the go-to when
you're talking about a goal-scoring
striker, which is what I'd probably say
most people remember Ronaldo as, or
maybe for that left-wing stint sort of
thing. But, you don't They He's not the
person that you go to if you're naming a
striker like it's reminiscent of such
and such. Whereas with a techy dribbler,
someone who gets on the ball, beats a
few men, cuts in the corner, that is
like the That is what people refer to as
Messi. That's very fair, but my
counter-argument to that would be if
there would be another Messi, cuz I
believe that can be another Messi,
because I think Messi is You're not
going to see a career like that from
Ronaldo. I think that Messi is another
Maradona. I genuinely, being honest with
you, do you think Do you think there
would be another Ronaldo for everything
that Ronaldo has achieved in his career?
Don't just think about the top I'm
wearing right now. Think about his
entire career. You mean like his entire
in terms of what
>> Entire career. Do you think you'll ever
see another player
start 20 22 years ago,
start as a winger, be the best winger in
the world, win a league at Manchester
United, win the Ballon d'Or for
Manchester United, win the Champions
League for Manchester United, be the
best player in the world
>> gone from left wing to a striker like in
terms of Thierry Henry? And he's got a
legacy as well. No one has ever done
what Ronaldo has done. No, no, I'm not
saying that, but you're never going to
get anyone of the level of Lionel Messi.
Are you saying there's going to be
someone that's going to be the level of
Lionel Messi?
I think there's already been someone
who's been on the level as Lionel Messi
and Maradona. I think that's why Messi,
over time, if there's more replicas of
Messi, eventually, over time, I'm not
saying it will happen in 10, 15, 20, 50
years. In I I get what you mean in a
long, long time. And I think but in
terms of a long, long time, what
Ronaldo's going to go down for is the
goal scoring, yeah? Cuz you got to think
it's not going to be like
If you're You're thinking about 100
years, 50 years, whatever, it's not
going to be Ronaldo's whole career.
Like, they'll be like, oh, yeah, that
guy who But, nobody will ever touch his
goals. No, but what I'm saying is that's
what you'll be remembered for as a goal
scorer, right? There is going to be
hundreds, thousands of goal scorers who
are at the elite level, like people like
Erling Haaland, which are in terms of If
you want to talk about his best
attribute, which is his goal scoring,
which he's not as good as Messi at, but
that is his best attribute. There is
still people that are already just as
good, if not better, at scoring goals
than Ronaldo. I know what you're saying
in terms of what That's what Ronaldo
will mostly be remembered for, but I
also think people who really, really
know football and get football, like you
said with the whole Messi debate,
Ronaldo will not just be remembered for
his goal scoring. He will be remembered
as a guy who scored 1,000 goals despite
starting as a pass-first and a
cross-first winger. He will be
remembered as a guy who dominated in
England, then dominated in Spain, then
dominated in Italy. But, then what about
Messi? When we talk about Messi, someone
who was known for for being this
creative player who then went on to
score more goals per 90 than, as you're
saying, the greatest goal scorer of all
time, the goat. He still scored less
goals than Messi per 90 in the game.
It's not Messi's fault that he played
less games than Ronaldo. We're also
talking about the greatest creative
player of all time, the magician,
someone who could play passes that no
one else can see. He is, in terms of
creativity, there's no no one will ever
be able to replicate the volume of
creative passes Messi has done. In terms
of global popularity as well. Okay, what
you said I agree. Yeah, yeah. We're
talking about what you just said, very
valid. That's why I think Messi will be
remembered for as long as, you know, but
I think Ronaldo will be remembered more
fun more funnily in the future,
definitely, because more people will
remember Ronaldo because of the
popularity reason, like I've already
said. I don't think there is a more
popular human being than Cristiano
Ronaldo on the on the plan on the
planet. Who do you think is more popular
than that man? I don't know. That's what
gets you remembered. So, in basketball,
in basketball, for instance, LeBron
James is the best basketball player
ever. By far the best basketball player.
Michael Jordan is the greatest
basketball player ever. People will
never forget what he did for them. I get
that, but I also think people in terms
of in the sport, the people that are on
TV, the people that the pundits, they
are always going to come back to If you
watch anything, you look at the greats
of the game, always say Messi is the
greatest. That will never fade. People
like Pep, who will never fade in terms
of saying that, will constantly bring up
Messi. He's got questions even years
after leaving Barcelona and not playing
with Messi again. You know, when he He's
got a question where he said he'd play
Messi in every single position if he
could. Like, I think in terms of I get
what you mean in terms of maybe the
local fan, someone who's not an avid
football watcher be like, oh, yeah,
Cristiano Ronaldo, might remember him
over Messi.
>> That is my That is my main But, I think
Messi will always remain relevant just
as long as Ronaldo will, because he will
constantly become People will constantly
talk about is he as good as the greatest
player of all time. If we have someone
in 25 years who comes through, let's say
even Lamine Yamal in 10 years, if he
goes on to win a World Cup, if he goes
on to match some of the statistics that
Messi and Ronaldo have put out in terms
of trophies or goals per game or
whatever, it will still come back to is
he as good as Lionel Messi? Was he as
good as them two? Even if they group
together, they are I think for me, them
two are going to stay relevant together
forever. And I think Messi's ability
carries him through that, and Ronaldo's
fame carries him through that.
Yeah. I'm going to send you off, uh, my
friend. However, well debated, really
well debated. Uh, another one, if you're
ready to jump up, please do.
Corey.
Yes, mate. Good to see you.
>> Good to see you, too, mate. Always good
to see you.
You you think Messi's a better player,
right? Uh, I would say so.
>> You're And you do as well, right?
>> I love the guy.
>> So, every single one of us here thinks
Messi's a better player. And
when we have kids, if we have kids, all
of us are going to tell our kids Messi
was the best ever player. And their kids
are going to pass on the same message.
And when we talk about the best teams
that we ever saw, we're probably all
going to talk about that Barca team, not
that Real Madrid team.
So, the message that's going to get
passed on for a hundred years is going
to be Messi was him, like the best. My
point is, I don't think there's enough
And I think it's been well blown out of
proportion in the late stage of their
career, cuz Messi has been better in the
late stages of both their careers. I
don't I think it's been miles blown out
proportion. Everyone's forgotten all
about the past. The difference between
Messi and Ronaldo. I've heard people
saying, "Well, Ronaldo's closer to
Neymar than he is to Messi." No, he's
not. That is completely false. So, in
terms of both players being remembered,
I think everybody I will probably tell
my kids Ronaldo's the best player I've
ever seen, the same way You just told me
Messi's the best player.
>> will probably You're [laughter] going to
lie to your own children. Or or on the
on the other point, when we said there
could be another Show them this video.
There could be another Messi with Lamine
Yamal, and there could I genuinely don't
think you'll ever see a guy play for 20
25 years
score the most goals with his right the
most goals with his left foot, have the
most assists in a lot of the
competitions where Messi's called the
best playmaker ever, do the things he's
done for Portugal, which in my opinion
outweighs the things that Messi has done
for Argentina tenfold. Goal scoring, I
think could happen. You look at Erling
Haaland, like he he won't do it, but
it's very possible that a player comes
along who plays for the best team for a
long, long time and will outscore
Cristiano Ronaldo. So, if all you can
remember Ronaldo for is just volume of
goals, I think that's more likely to be
beaten than what Messi actually means to
football as a whole. But So, when you
say Messi means to football, here's my
thing. Do you In your opinion, do you
think there could potentially be another
Lionel Messi?
No. And do you think there could
potentially be another Cristiano
Ronaldo?
>> could be someone that scores a huge
amount of goals.
>> But that's not all Ronaldo did. That is
not all he's known That is not all
That's not all Ronaldo did. That's not
all he's known for.
>> of people are more attracted to and
therefore go out to bat for the Lionel
Messi. But in terms of all of us passing
on the message, who was the best player
of all time? Let me just Let me just
before you go, I'll just talk about the
Ronaldo point a tiny bit more. People
talk about Ronaldo, and he's like, "Oh,
yeah, he's just this guy that scores all
these goals."
As I've already said, he started on the
wing. Best Some of the best skill moves
we've ever seen. Everybody in the school
playgrounds was literally doing this
with their hair trying to get a mohawk.
I had the mohawks on. Everyone was doing
the Ronaldo run. He was the guy that the
entire world looked at.
Then he went to Spain, did the exact
same thing in Spain.
>> He's the most That's a lot of my
argument is he's popular. That's why I
think he will be remembered a lot more
in a hundred years. Whereas, if somebody
can replicate what Messi's done, which
is my argument, I think they can. I
don't think anyone can replicate what
Ronaldo's done in terms of starting on
the wing, then going up front, then
scoring a thousand goals, dragging your
country from qualifying for three World
Cups in their entire history to winning
a Euros, winning a Nations League, never
missing a World Cup, being your all-time
top goal scorer for Champions League,
your nation,
Real Madrid, all these big institutions.
Whereas, in Messi's case, I'm just think
in a hundred years
>> I think the whole, you know, kids are
doing that hair
Kids aren't doing Ronaldo's hair now.
>> I think Messi is
>> That's already stopped. I think Messi is
In a hundred years, I think Messi's
going to be known as the best player in
the best team of all time, which is
Which will
>> Because he had the best teammates.
Remember Ronaldo's hair now, eh? It's
It's not just his Remember kids on the
playground back in the old days, eh?
That won't be there. I just I don't
think that'll be as memorable. I do
think I think my whole point is you can
replicate Messi. I don't think you can
ever replicate Ronaldo. Okay. I mean,
you're more than happy to walk if you
want to.
>> just strongly disagree that you can
replicate Messi. I think that's a crazy
thing to
>> would also agree with that. In ten
years' time, when I see Xavi Laporte,
we'll see Lamine Yamal replicating
Messi, and I'll tell him And you'll be
here dressed as Cristiano
>> I'll be I'll be here doing this kind of
>> [laughter]
>> Ronaldo's better than you. Uh, anybody
else want to step Forward. Welcome to
the ring. Welcome to the conversation.
All right. Um
Go ahead. No, I don't have a gigantic
amount to say,
but you've been talking a lot about
replicating people. And I think that
Cristiano Ronaldo, we talk about the
longevity of his career,
and probably the biggest thing behind
that is the work and the drive that he's
put into it, like maintaining
that level of like health and still
being a massive athlete at what, 40
years old now? Yeah, if not close to it.
30 39, [clears throat] 40, something
like that.
Um
I think that with the amount of talent,
like on the ball, that's just the raw
like He could just do He could just do
anything, absolutely anything with that
ball. He could do more than Ronaldo
could. I think we can all agree.
And that is something that just That
just happens. In their primes, I don't
think that's a statement that's true by
the I I think that that just That That
will just happen. I don't I hear you. I
don't think that statement's true in
their primes.
>> in a billion. I don't see another Messi
in our lifetimes. If you go Okay, this
is a random example, and it's a bit of
an unfair example, because obviously
it's only going to apply to me. I saw
someone in a Ronaldo top. I asked him,
"Do you know who Messi is?"
I'll be I'm being I swear on my life, he
didn't know who Messi was.
I'm telling you.
all time. Whether that story is true, I
swear on my life. I swear on my life.
There we have it, guys. Thank you so
much for watching. We've had a few
Ronaldo fans take on 20 Barcelona fans,
uh, Lionel Messi fans, really. And all
the team fans. Uh, but guys, thank you
so much for coming down. Everybody's
channel below will be [music] linked
there as well. Everybody that's
representing Ronaldo as well would also
be linked down there below.
>> [music]
>> Uh, guys, thank you so much for today.
Honestly, I cannot tell you how much I
appreciate it. There we have it.
Subscribe, like, and we'll see you very
soon. Bye.